feat: Add sinco v3 docs (#63)
drashland/website-v2: docs/sinco/v3.x/2_tutorials/2_page/4_change_location.md

# Change Location

## Table of Contents

- [Before You Get Started](#before-you-get-started)
- [Folder Structure End State](#folder-structure-end-state)
- [Steps](#steps)
- [Verification](#verification)

## Before You Get Started

`Page` provides the method `.location()` that can either get the current

> location (url) of the page, or set it if you wish to visit a different path or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
location (URL) of the page, or set it if you wish to visit a different path or
```

website.

In this tutorial, you will:

> - Create a headless browser instance; and
> - Go to a website;
> - Set the location to be a new site;
> - Then retrieve the location, asserting it to be the one you just set;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a headless browser instance;
- Go to a website;
- Set the location to be a new site; and
- Retrieve the location -- asserting it to be the one you just set.
```

## Folder Structure End State

```text
▾ /path/to/your/project/
  app_test.ts
  deps.ts
```

## Steps

1. Create your `app_test.ts` file.

```typescript
// app_test.ts

// Note you will need to import assertEquals from https://deno.land/std/testing/asserts.ts
import { assertEquals, buildFor } from "./deps.ts";

Deno.test("My web app works as expected", async () => {
  const Sinco = await buildFor("chrome");
  const page = await Sinco.goTo("https://drash.land");
  await page.location("https://github.com");
  const location = await page.location();
  await Sinco.done();
  assertEquals(location, "https://github.com/");
});
```

> Here you are going to create your headless browser instance, and navigate to
> https://drash.land. Once the page has loaded, you will then navigate to
> https://github.com. After, you are going to retrieve the pages current location,
> and assert it is that of GitHubs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you are going to create your headless browser instance, and navigate to
`https://drash.land`. Once the page has loaded, you will then navigate to
`https://github.com`. After, you are going to retrieve the page's current location
and assert it is GitHub.
```

## Verification

1. Run your test.

```shell

> $ deno test --allow-run --allow-read --allow-net app_test.ts

Author: add restrictive perms

```

> 2. All of your tests should pass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. All of your tests should pass.
```
